Prepare Azure.Monitor.Query 1.0.0-beta.2 release (#22304)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.Query/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.2 (2021-07-06)

### New Features

- Added support for including rendering information using the `IncludeVisualization` property.

> - Added `LogsQueryClient` constructor that use the default log analytics endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `LogsQueryClient` constructor that uses the default Log Analytics endpoint.
```
